Turbo the pc for games you already stopped to think about how much could leave the
your computer faster are several factors that can improve performance
of your machine so that the games performing better before going into detail is
It's good to evaluate the existing motherboard on your computer
fundamentally the chassis of your machine is she who in rule day will define
how much you can boost your pc is important to evaluate which are
the ins and outs for the video card and memory processor and if they are
compatible with the peripherals that we will indicate next we go there
before you start to take good care
We are very careful to work in the
the agreement to give testimony French magina left the college past
a lack
so that you unload this because my contact until opposed to
compute the department
be with br
the 'performance'
we have some of the laboratory that protect the contract between psv that the
phone calls this question
so that we can handle properly contains gloves
The bracelets that we wore are attached to a bench ps
to charge
and you can quietly handle equipment
without fear of erring three an electric current to damage the equipment
electronic
now
hands down the first tip a motherboard our love of is usually
It's best to stop here if the score is good.
votes for video cards explains that this is a key element for the
good renal performance
had video card with scottish memory
to 15 12
and even more than that in fact but the mind and its impact on the strong beating of the
game was related to the processor we folks what we still board
video
the ufologist of memory interesting to load the visual of the game of the last one
proof of maps
of the texture part of the skating such
but the mind what will make the paca serra plateau is the processor of it she has
memory it has processor is the set
the bag with the weak video card with lots of memory you will not have
result with stronger paternity with slightly less memory
so it's important
Do you know what you're buying?
and you really know
when this mup plate marks points
square beautiful game that makes
if the memory
today there are three standards of the market of cds and dvds and two dvds 3
assessing the cost benefit of debtors is the best option in this case
roberta decades
fidelity is faster
but if we go in the games and the modules are bigger in the two gigas of
4 in force
because you know there's no end
this amount of memory goals
a power supply is another key element,
machine
it is good to pay attention to this detail since they can not always be
announced
is the power that that device will actually deliver highlighted for example
promises 450 vacancies when in the actual deliver penalty 168
this one that promises 350 delivery up to 330 in limit situations
do not be fooled he would go straight to the technical specifications of the
equipment because more powerful computers
require more energy
already in the choice of agaves the possibilities are only three
standard older idea and ended up being replaced by sasha
which already has the models 5 2
logically the two have better and faster
there is a pattern that we are a form of caution since it is a
a ride called
we can get 'performance' will say what has something to say in a
machine two hds sata arrival of zero
that happens you will increase will put a lane more traffic c'mon
up but it's normal
an avenue with two ways a life like the way
in two times you will be able to travel much more information to work
faster and faster
this leaves the machine in a few seconds faster than the normal mark
the map of performace gives a difference to aol the question is that you have to have
been used unequal or 2 82 6 60 then investment that is made
performace kills
investments in the question of italy I think it is a scam to approve in
the fastest
This is a very important factor to avoid overheating and
consequently the decrease of performance today with the
technological equipment spend less energy
and so this then - also there are still people who insist on
demanding the maximum of processors is the so-called public
dangerous behavior
you have to know how to make invitations ready now that you already know how to choose
the peripherals it's time to turn on the computer
and there excluding suspect or view which is the best option in the world of games
officer he works with texas 9
When I saw them, it only works with sepsis 10
you have a considered difference in game details over
this kind of thing
is the main one of the country only that so few are still the youngest games
who have these managerial functions 10
so today we have all games by susep to play perfectly in our
site
and will not have problem but will not have big big problems with oo
air quality
for better rap performance or set up the game with the settings
compatible with your band
you dance
window concept istanbul
according to your computer you connect puts to a minimum 4 medium coloco
game with the high wall wheel by their perfect movement
put an action is you come back soon
the hotel in which case I play and the maximum double comparisons
just like the video card can not handle it
who also comes to give me better graphic quality
no role car control caught fire becomes much more difficult
why the pcp do it for him right with the left it does with more
Slowness percent of victims want to know more about this issue
access